Request for Proposal: Website Redesign & Development
Organization: The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Pavilion
Issue Date: February 1, 2026
Proposal Due Date: March 1, 2026
Primary Contact: Scott Shaver | sshaver@woodlandscenter.org
1. Introduction & Background
1.1 Organization Overview
We are a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization with a mission to increase and enrich arts access in the Greater Houston area. We own and operate a 16,000+ capacity concert amphitheater where we host a diverse set of 70+ performances each year, including free arts performances and world-class touring acts. Profit made from our biggest shows allows us to support a growing number of arts programs, including grants for arts educators, scholarships for arts students and arts education activities both on and off-site.
Our website serves a wide variety of audiences, which makes structuring it an interesting challenge. The bulk of website visitors arrive at our site either looking to buy tickets to a concert or searching for information about our rules, parking or show schedules. However, the site must also help introduce those people to the non-profit side of our operation and provide the infrastructure necessary to facilitate the activities of our mission.
1.2 Purpose of This RFP
We are looking to replace our current site for the following reasons:
Though our last site build took place in 2020, the design already feels a bit outdated and static
People navigate sites differently in 2026 than they did in 2020, expecting less reading and more direct access to the answers they want
Our site is currently built to get people to read information, not to prioritize the key outcomes that matter to us organizationally
Though we tried to prioritize our missional efforts in the last build, we are still finding that many people don’t know about our non-profit side
2. Project Overview
2.1 Project Goals
Visual overhaul to align with current branding standards
Increase ease of use in finding specific information by simplifying structure
Maximize service to all of our audiences cohesively
Create landing pages that convert for a large number of possible outcomes
Provide some flexibility within site structure to create one-off “experience” pages for special events like a fundraising Gala
2.2 Success Criteria
On-time / on-budget delivery
Ease of content updates – we make updates 3-5 times a day
Reduced number of “Contact Us” requests because info is easy to find
Increased engagement – longer times spent on page, more clicks to outcomes
Site works and converts excellently on desktop and mobile
3. Scope of Work
3.1 Website Requirements
7 Templates
Home/Events
Landing Page
Plan Your Visit
Story Hub
Pop Over CTA (for email join, contact us)
Event Details Page
Blank/Flow
30 Pages
+ backlog of hundreds of previous event pages
+ blog content
Responsive and meets modern accessibility standards
Backend of the site must be accessible to our team
High priority that we do not often have to come back to site builder for content updates, new templates, etc.
3.2 Functional Needs
Event listings and detail pages
Integration with Hubspot Forms
Integration with Ticketmaster for Season Seat holders
AI Search functionality
Easy to host video on website
3.3 Content & Migration
Content will be provided by our team and ported by our team. We are looking to reduce cost here and want to control the content porting process.
3.4 Design Expectations
Our team has drafted a visual look/feel/flow for the site that can work as a starting point. Images are appended to this document. However, we are open to other ideas and structures.
4. Technical Requirements
4.1 Platform & Hosting
We do not have a preferred CMS and are looking for a vendor-hosted site.
4.2 Integrations
We are looking to integrate with an LLM or similar tool to provide excellent AI responses to common fan questions. (Ex: What’s your bag policy? Can I bring an umbrella? Is Poison playing this year?)
Our site currently links out to the following platforms. If integrations could be built for one or a few of them, we would be open to it:
Hubspot (Forms, Email, Social, CRM)
Foundant
DonorPerfect
Acceptd
5. Project Management & Timeline
5.1 Anticipated Timeline
We hope to start work on this site by mid-March and have it completed by July.
5.2 Project Management Approach
Scott Shaver will be your main point of contact throughout the process.
Suggested workflow and rhythm:
A series of kick-off meetings to understand the work and schedule out the required time to build, test and deploy the site
Weekly or bi-weekly meetings (15-30 minutes) after that to report on the work
Review and revise after initial drafts are created. Will incorporate reviews from a few other key stakeholders after Scott approves initial designs.
Test, one more round of review, then deploy
6. Qualifications & Budget
6.1 Company Overview
Please include a brief overview of your organization’s qualifications to work on this project, including:
Examples of similar projects
Experience with arts, entertainment, or nonprofit organizations
Team members or roles we will collaborate with on this project. Please also include brief bios for these team members. We’d like to get to know the folks we’ll be working with!
6.2 Pricing and Budget
Please outline your pricing structure and provide an itemized estimated budget for this project. We do not need granular detail, but we would like to see where major costs could be cut or where key value could be added for an additional fee.
Please make sure to define the costs of hosting and maintenance, as well as your rate for ongoing work on the website.
7. Proposal Submission Requirements
Vendors should include:
Project approach and methodology
Timeline and milestones
Pricing breakdown
Assumptions and dependencies
Optional enhancements
Submission Format: Email or PDF
Submission Deadline: March 1, 2026
8. Proposal Rubric
We will use the following rubric to select a vendor for this project.
1. Understanding of Project & Approach (25%)
Demonstrates clear understanding of our organization and goals
Proposed approach aligns with stated needs
Provides refined solution for balancing needs of multiple audiences
2. Cost, Value and Timeline (25%)
Pricing clarity and transparency
Structure of ongoing costs
Clear milestones and realistic delivery schedule
Additional value provided beyond RFP deliverables
3. Technical Solution and Fit (20%)
CMS suitability and ease of use
Integration experience and solution, specifically with Hubspot, LLMs and Ticketmaster
4. Design & User Experience Capability (15%)
Demonstrated UX thinking and accessibility awareness
Design quality and usability of past work
Mobile-first or responsive experience
Ability to integrate CWMP ideas into final design
5. Relevant Work and Past Experience (15%)
Work with arts, entertainment, nonprofit, or ticketed events (if applicable)
Quality and relevance of portfolio examples
Cultural fit of team
Expertise of team
Please email sshaver@woodlandscenter.org if you have any questions. Thank you for your proposal!
Design Ideas / Drafts
